README.md, before:

# A JavaScript Memory Game
(Host is slow: please give the game a some time to load before clicking.)

### How to Play
Click on any card to flip it. Uncover two at a time, trying to reveal matching pairs. If you don't
find a match the cards return to their face down position. Once they match they stay flipped. Try
to get a high score by taking as few turns as possible to uncover all the cards. At any time you
can reset the game using the lower most button on the left.

#### About
One of my very first attempts at an app that combined DOM manipulation, CSS, and simple JavaScript.
Because it was my first app I did a fair amount of pattern matching, but I am quite happy with the results, especially the information fields to the right of the
game. I coded them without any references and was quite happy to see that they produced proper results!

More recently I added some adatpive css to the game so that the information fields remain visible should the screen get smaller.

I am also partnering with my [wife] on adding different art to the cards.

#### If There Was Time Unending
Knowing React now, it might be quite fun to completely refactor this game.
It would be nice to add some tests to the app.
Have a large store of art and randomize what 12 pieces get chosen per game.
Menu for choosing a particular art set.
Manage page loading time with AJAX calls instead of uploading all at once.
Set up loading page or progress bar.
Set up a JSON database to store high scores.

[wife]: https://www.jkungdreyfus.com/

Commit message:

Improve random shuffle, start testing.

README.md, after:

# A JavaScript Memory Game
(Host is slow: please give the game a some time to load before clicking.)

### How to Play
Click on any card to flip it. Uncover two at a time, trying to reveal matching pairs. If you don't
find a match the cards return to their face down position. Once they match they stay flipped. Try
to get a high score by taking as few turns as possible to uncover all the cards. At any time you
can reset the game using the lower most button on the left.

#### About
One of my very first attempts at an app that combined DOM manipulation, CSS, and simple JavaScript.
Because it was my first app I did a fair amount of pattern matching, but I am quite happy with the results, especially the information fields to the right of the
game. I coded them without any references and was quite happy to see that they produced proper results!

More recently I added some adatpive css to the game so that the information fields remain visible should the screen get smaller.

I am also partnering with my [wife] on adding different art to the cards.

#### If There Was Time Unending
- [ ] Knowing React now, it might be quite fun to completely refactor this game.
- [ ] It would be nice to add some tests to the app.
- [ ] Have a large store of art and randomize what 12 pieces get chosen per game.
- [ ] Menu for choosing a particular art set.
- [ ] Manage page loading time with AJAX calls instead of uploading all at once.
- [ ] Set up loading page or progress bar.
- [ ] Set up a JSON database to store high scores.
- [ ] Testing
- [X] Fix randomize to not repeat numbers

[wife]: https://www.jkungdreyfus.com/
